Uyuni migration #27842 keichwa (#4187)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/uyuni/migrate-uyuni-to-a-container.adoc

include::../snippet-hardened-tmpdir.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Unify the following with matching MLM section and => snippet

==== Configure Custom Persistent Storage

Configuring persistent storage is optional, but it is the only way to avoid serious trouble with container full disk conditions.
It is highly recommended to configure custom persistent storage with the [command]``mgr-storage-server`` tool.

For more information, see [command]``mgr-storage-server --help``.
This tool simplifies creating the container storage and database volumes.

Use the command in the following manner:

[source,shell]
----
mgr-storage-server <storage-disk-device> [<database-disk-device>]
----

[NOTE]
====
Devices must not have any filesystem.

> The command can fail if there already is an XFS filesystem, for example.

Author: ```suggestion
The command aborts if a filesystem exists on the storage device.
```
